hey guys it's FIFA alia and welcome to
episode 19 of less fifa 14 and in this
episode we really need to win games
because in the last episode I played
four games I got two draws a loss and a
win and basically dropped seven points
in the division and at this point in
time I got three games left and i need
nine points if i want to pick up the
title off the division so there we just
need to win all of our games basically
but if we do not do that two inch is
enough for promotion and if we get
anything less well we'll have to stay in
Division three which is of course
something I do not want to so and we get
an early lead in our first game here and
we hit the post a few minutes later from
a free-kick unlucky not to get the goal
because we're really looking to build on
the lead but we could not get a goal and
instead it is him finding a completely
open Lucas will break through chip
Makeba and make it 1-1 and yeah I
couldn't use that for anything
whatsoever so into the second half will
get a chance and it's a very simple one
but it will give me a goal to make it
2-1 get me into the lead again and we
get another chance in the 88th minute
they let pass to defend up we find
Jackson Martinez they're both can not
get this shot on target and in the end
the game institue 21 and that was
completely fine for me I get three
points and yeah we only need six points
now away in our two found games in order
to get that title soap and we get ready
to head on into the next game we apply a
few contracts here to the players
running out and this one I got matched
up against in this match were incredible
really good players on the top and in
the defense fast all of them and then
yeah team of the year Donny Oliver sir
tiago silva inform hard company called
just a very strong defense but was still
quite and created quite a few chances in
the game here we tried a very ambitious
shot across goal and will actually get a
walled-in with a corner from that and
straight from the corner we find a bull
but it goes just wide off the post there
it was a game where his keeper informed
your heart would save a lot of stuff and
his defenders would just close me down a
lot of occasions but i would still quite
quite a few chances in the first half
but it will remain and nil to nil and as
you can see he had nothing in the first
half but into the same half we played
around seven to eight minutes he will
cross it in and he hits it on the bar
and then naturally in between Kabul
micah richards and dr b he wins the
header and makes it one nil and I lose
the game basically because after I got
up one nil he just closed the doors shut
it all down park the bus because i only
had one shot in the entire second half
and that was off target i didn't create
anything whatsoever and it basically
means I lose the game and I'm under
pressure once again some way because
well I did not pick up the title which
of course was a little bit disappointing
but I would have to go out and win my
phone game if I wanted to promote
interdivision too and I would like to at
least be trying to get the title in this
game instead of having to play for
promotion instead so yeah we're going to
the game and we almost got to go
straight from kickoff bought Vidant
fella with a very nice save that and
straight from the corner he'll save it I
tried to head it across and you'll save
it again so yeah he had a very good game
in the net Weidenfeller and instead it's
my opponent getting ahead on and he gets
the rebound to make it one nil so a
terrible start to the game I couldn't
convert my chances and he'll make it one
ill after seven minutes I tried to get
back into the game but we go into the
sing-off will play a football and what
is Mikey by doing i do not know you'll
pick it up he'll cross it back in he
gets a head on and I get very lucky
there it wasn't ago but it pretty much
showed how the game was it just didn't
work out for me my keeper did some
stupid stuff and yeah I get a chance
though in the 88th minute i'll head it
in i'll make it 1-1 but unfortunately it
was way too late and to be fair my
opponent was quite good and his key but
you saved a lot of stuff it was a very
even game as well so i do think it
deserved to be a drawer but of course it
was very disappointing not getting the
win because i really wanted to promote
instead of staying in division fee for
one more one more season which yeah I
felt it was time to change things up a
little bit after that and I basically
played the games in this episode and in
this last episode in the same session
and yeah just got into a bad streak and
lost a bunch of points and hopefully
will do better once we get into into the
world
c division 31 once again in the next
episode but before we do that we change
the squad around a little bit I felt it
was time to make a few changes a bunch
of the players were picked up in the
hunter Capac did sell on and I decided
to list up a bunch of players on the
transfer list because I wanted to at
least make some temporary changes I
wasn't too sure how much the place at
least up would go on to self all because
of the market crash and all that kind of
stuff so the two squads I'm building
here towards then is temporary squats
and they will most likely change and
either next episode of the episode after
that I'll probably built the temporary
squad mmm excuse me and then play with
them for a few games and figure out what
needs changing so yeah it's to temporary
sides and we get a bunch of Colombian
players mixed up with our Syria a
defense and then we do get some
Brazilians and a few Premier League
players to link up with some other
Premier League and Brazilian players so
it's not really the most original sites
we're building here we're just trying
out a few different things and maybe
will change them up a little bit more
later on and I actually decide to list
up Peter check and it can pull this wall
as you saw there because I thought maybe
I'll get Diego all this and down the in
the net and they will pick up at leas as
well here for the Senators I met he will
make sure that won't in you will stay on
nine chemistry we get sterling mainly
for the chemistry reason to link up with
Sturridge and yeah we also get hold on
the right mid which is a player used in
the swap Peter squad builder with Pele
and he really surprised me how good he
wants so yeah this is our new squadron
one genuine and then we still got double
is but we got a new keeper here in a
Diego Elvis we got a hose in Riga on the
left back there and he's quite stronger
decent work weights and they taunted
probably my favorite center back on the
game hold on the right middle with just
said was a play I used a little bit in
the past and did really well for me so
wanted to try them out again this time
out in the divisions then we do have a
lease on the senate dems amid sterling
on the left map linking up with
Sturridge and with four star skills as
well might be the weak point off this
one i do not know but it will see how he
plays on the game and we still have the
same to you on the top there so that is
the change of our first quarter and of
course we went from a four to two to
formation to a fall 12 12 or other squad
we do still have
the serie a defense but we changed
around to get in the Colombian attack so
we got cuadrado on the right mid quieren
on the senate deficit and corrado looks
to be an interesting player he's of
course to really fast but he got phone
star skills he should have five star
skills on head-to-head so yeah he might
have that next year and ultimate team
and would be interesting on the Left
meat we do have Sunni care which only
got three star skills and he's the weak
point of this squad and he's mainly
there to make sure that Moreno a son
nine chemistry well he's an 84 now
because I'm testing it out at testing
him out as i sent that tag made and I'm
my duty as a striker instead of them
instead of Moodle and then changed a
little bit around what might we might go
out and get the info on Colorado and get
Rodriguez on the right mate it depends
on how much coins will end up in the end
and what changes will make but for now
this will be the end of the episode guys
I hope you enjoyed it will be back again
tomorrow with another video and that's
all thank you for watching and I'll talk
to you later